Replace racially charged terminology in docs (#1282)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/configuration/global-configuration/command-line-arguments.md

.. option:: -nginx-status-allow-cidrs <string>

> 	Allowlist IPv4 IP/CIDR blocks access to NGINX stub_status or the NGINX Plus API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Add IPv4 IP/CIDR blocks to the allow list for NGINX stub_status or the NGINX Plus API.
```
